Added RevenueCat Integration (#44)
FlutterFlow/flutterflow-documentation: docs/Integrations/payments/revenuecat.md

---
slug: revenuecat
title: RevenueCat
tags: []
description: Learn how to integrate RevenueCat in your FlutterFlow app.
sidebar_position: 1
---

> # RevenueCat

Reviewer: I guess we havent mentioned that RevenueCat doesnt work on web somewhere here? Lets mention that in a warning admonition after the intro and lets call it 
:::warning[Pub.Dev package and Limitations]
----mentioning about the underlying package of RevenueCat and how web is not supported in this package----

Reviewer: Beginning of the document because users should know this information before they try implementing this package.

Author: Ok, added.

<div style={{
    position: 'relative',
    paddingBottom: 'calc(56.67989417989418% + 41px)', // Keeps the aspect ratio and additional padding
    height: 0,
    width: '100%'}}>
    <iframe 
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/z3Fw57EiyR05PY6OPMG6?embed&show_copy_link=true"
        title=""
        style={{
            position: 'absolute',
            top: 0,
            left: 0,
            width: '100%',
            height: '100%',
            colorScheme: 'light'
        }}
        frameborder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        webkitAllowFullScreen
        mozAllowFullScreen
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write">
    </iframe>
</div>
<p></p>

Integrating the RevenueCat in your app comprises the following steps:

1. [Setup RevenueCat](#1-setup-revenuecat)
2. [Enable RevenueCat in FlutterFlow](#2-enable-revenuecat-in-flutterflow)
3. [Retrieving in-app purchases and subscription details](#3-retrieving-in-app-purchases-and-subscription-details)
4. [Add RevenueCat actions](#4-add-revenuecat-actions)
5. [Testing](#5-testing)
6. [Launch](#6-launch)

## 1. Setup RevenueCat

To set up the RevenueCat, follow these steps carefully:

> 1. Sign up for a new RevenueCat account [here](https://app.revenuecat.com/).

Reviewer: Add a space after each bullet points so they are not tied together.

Author: I think we should do this at CSS level by adding something like this 
`ol li{
  padding: 3px;
}`

WDYT?

2. [Create a project](https://www.revenuecat.com/docs/getting-started/quickstart#%EF%B8%8F-create-a-project), [add your app](https://www.revenuecat.com/docs/getting-started/quickstart#%EF%B8%8F-add-an-app--platform), and ensure that you [add service credentials](https://www.revenuecat.com/docs/getting-started/quickstart#%EF%B8%8F-service-credentials) to help RevenueCat communicate with the app stores on your behalf.
3. [Create subscriptions](https://www.revenuecat.com/docs/getting-started/quickstart#%EF%B8%8F-store-setup) in the respective stores.
    1. While creating subscriptions in Google Play Console, if you see a message saying '***Your app doesn't have any in-app products yet**'* like in this picture, follow the steps below:

>     ![error-while-creating-sub-in-play-console.avif](error-while-creating-sub-in-play-console.avif)

Reviewer: Before image add a p tag

Author: Done!

        frameborder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        webkitAllowFullScreen
        mozAllowFullScreen
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write">
    </iframe>
</div>
<p></p>

## 3. Retrieving in-app purchases and subscription details

To display the in-app purchases and subscription details, such as price, description, etc., inside the UI elements, you need to retrieve this information from RevenueCat.

Here is an example of retrieving monthly subscription details:

<div style={{
    position: 'relative',
    paddingBottom: 'calc(56.67989417989418% + 41px)', // Keeps the aspect ratio and additional padding
    height: 0,
    width: '100%'}}>
    <iframe 
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/r5RpyXZaWp7n6DTikrHx?embed&show_copy_link=true"
        title=""
        style={{
            position: 'absolute',
            top: 0,
            left: 0,
            width: '100%',
            height: '100%',
            colorScheme: 'light'
        }}
        frameborder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        webkitAllowFullScreen
        mozAllowFullScreen
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write">
    </iframe>
</div>
<p></p>

## 4. Add RevenueCat actions

> To manage in-app purchases and subscriptions inside your FlutterFlow app, you have to use the RevenueCat Actions. Below are the types of RevenueCat action:

Reviewer: To manage in-app purchases and subscriptions inside your FlutterFlow app, you have to use the RevenueCat Actions. Below are the types of RevenueCat action:
```suggestion
To manage in-app purchases and subscriptions inside your FlutterFlow app, you have to use the RevenueCat Actions. Below are the types of RevenueCat actions:
```

        style={{
            position: 'absolute',
            top: 0,
            left: 0,
            width: '100%',
            height: '100%',
            colorScheme: 'light'
        }}
        frameborder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        webkitAllowFullScreen
        mozAllowFullScreen
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write">
    </iframe>
</div>
<p></p>

### Purchase [Action]

This action allows you to purchase the item. Here’s how you add it:

<div style={{
    position: 'relative',
    paddingBottom: 'calc(56.67989417989418% + 41px)', // Keeps the aspect ratio and additional padding
    height: 0,
    width: '100%'}}>
    <iframe 
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/95HnVG5vM9J7gi73vjxW?embed&show_copy_link=true"
        title=""
        style={{
            position: 'absolute',
            top: 0,
            left: 0,
            width: '100%',
            height: '100%',
            colorScheme: 'light'
        }}
        frameborder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        webkitAllowFullScreen
        mozAllowFullScreen
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write">
    </iframe>
</div>
<p></p>

### Restore Purchases [Action]

> Using this action, you can allow users to re-activate the subscription he has already paid for. This is helpful when a user has reinstalled the app or logged in to a new device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this action, you can allow users to re-activate the subscription they have already paid for. This is helpful when a user has reinstalled the app or logged in to a new device.
```

:::info

- A good practice is to allow users to manually restore the purchase by showing a button or text (maybe on a paywall/settings page).
- If you provide this option, please check [**How RevenueCat should respond to restore behavior**](https://www.revenuecat.com/docs/restoring-purchases#restore-behavior).

:::

> ![adding-restore-purchase-action.avif](adding-restore-purchase-action.avif)

Reviewer: Add a figure tag and write a small caption for the image

Author: Done!
